the Xbox one has turn one years old so
here are the top 10 games of you won an
xbox one number 10 is rise some of the
room but you can come true for me
because I always loved Rome and I would
love to be a Roman soldier in a game and
this basically made it happen with
Crytek in the beautiful graphics
actually a great story reloj repetitive
for mashing stuff so people didn't like
that I thought it was absolutely
fantastic and amazing up at number nine
is Wolfenstein the relative
non-exclusive but an amazing game I
believe they pulled off a wolf aside
after years have really a few titles for
the series great story that went back to
basics and what is a classic version of
the first verse cheer with health guns
it was a cool alternate future they just
pulled it off beautifully while keeping
ties to jig stuff here is up at number 8
as forza horizon 2 the game is stunning
beautiful open world it's huge like
seriously those graphics oh my god in
the rain the rain is unbelievable
there's so many cars there's so much
stuff to do so much gameplay and you
just play with your buddies on the open
road it was absolutely fantastic up at
number 7 is minecraft Xbox limitation so
Mike I finally came out after so long
bringing massive world's save porting
and just tons of fun I can't wait to see
them update this more at more players
Sutton see how it evolves over the
course of the ones left good you know
three seconds in love label is going to
vary
we should see a life change and it is a
lot lot better with less lag issues
number six d for doctrines don't die
great game if you haven't played this
it's kind of Hastur it's an episode of
thing I hope the other ones get made
it's by sweary it's so weird that are
out there crazy common air that's just
an amazing story it's not that expensive
it's definitely worth checking out it's
so cool the art styles unbelievable
number five plants vs zombies garden
warfare so yes I never thought this
would happen I don't know why it
happened but he's one of the greatest
treasures of all time one of the best
series of the year the graphics are
amazing then he plays saw what classes
are well balanced and it's so much fun
playing this you know it's supposed to
be like a child's game it really isn't
risky is actually amazing spent hours on
it now we have dead rising 3 so this
came out like for launch featured
massive open worlds tons absorbs a huge
environment procedural like loading
which made the game amazing story was
actually really good you know short
connections to the past while moving
forward I love playing co-op in this
game there's a lot of fun there's tons
of stuff to do in it even a DLC is very
good now as we have titanfall at number
3 titan falls is an amazing shooter
really like cod 4 with next for me at
least it was a lot of fun it's just
online don't ignore the story in the
campaign or whatever is just a great
multiplayer game they've trim a lot of
support for there's tons of new DLC
packs changes and mix ups that they've
done for this
yes number two is sunset overdrive this
game is outstanding it looks so cool is
so fun the parkour is amazing I can't
believe you got insomniac to do a game
for us I believe customize your
character of the physical it's hilarious
it's really mature which I like because
a lot of titles on your armature this
year which is great it's to step up
towards like an adult audience and this
game is just ridiculously amazing and of
course number one is the master chief
collection issues at launch yeah but
it's a collection of what the xbox is
and everything about it and it basically
brings it back with some updated
graphics not just brings a cohesive
universe that we've never seen before
test for amazing games hundreds back
under over under maps and like a promise
of beta it's just out of San I can't
believe they actually made this hope you
enjoyed this look at the top 10 games of
xbox one near one I'll see you next year